docs/language-basics.md, before:

# Language basics

## Files and extensions

Knox source files use the `.kx` extension. One file is one module; the module path is derived from the path under `src/` (see [Modules and imports](modules-and-imports.md)).

## Functions

Define a function with `fn`, parameters with types, and a required return type:

```kx
fn add(a: int, b: int) -> int {
  return a + b;
}

fn main() -> () {
  print("Hi");
}
```

Every statement must end with a semicolon (`;`): `let` bindings, assignments, expression statements, `return`, and function calls used as statements. Match arms do not take a semicolon after the arm expression; the whole `match` statement ends with `;` when used as a statement.

Use `()` for the unit type when the function returns no value. Mark a function as importable from other modules with `pub`:

```kx
pub fn greet(name: string) -> string {
  "Hello, " + name
}
```

## Bindings

- `let x = expr` — immutable binding.
- `let mut x = expr` — mutable binding (mutation allowed).

## Types

- **Primitives:** `int`, `u64`, `string`, `bool`, `()` (unit).
- **Nominal:** `Option<T>`, `Result<T, E>`, and user-defined structs.
- **Escape hatch:** `dynamic` (explicit; use for interop or when you need to defer typing).

There is no `null` or `undefined`; use `Option<T>` and `Result<T, E>`.

## Statements and semicolons

Knox requires a semicolon at the end of every statement. No implicit semicolons.

- **let:** `let x = expr;` — `let mut x = expr;` for mutable.
- **Expression / call:** `print(x);` — any expression used as a statement ends with `;`.
- **return:** `return expr;` or `return;` for unit.
- **match as statement:** `match x { 0 => print("zero"), _ => print("other"), };` — arms do not have `;` after the arm expression; the whole match statement ends with `;`.

## Control flow

- **if:** `if condition { block }` or `if condition { block } else { block }`.
- **match:** `match expr { pattern => expr, _ => expr }`.
- **return:** `return expr;` or `return;` for unit.

## Operators

- `?` — Propagate `Result` (early return on `Err`).
- Comparisons: `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`.

## Comments

- Line: `// ...`
- Block: `/* ... */`

## Safety

Knox is designed to be type safe and memory safe: types are checked at compile time, and the core language avoids null and implicit dynamic typing.

Commit message:

feat(language): Add auto-generated getters and setters
- Implement @pub(get, set) attribute to generate getters and setters for struct fields
- Replace `pub struct` with `export struct` to avoid duplicate use of `pub`
- Add examples demonstrating the new functionality
- Update documentation and README with explanations and overview improvements

docs/language-basics.md, after:

# Language basics

## Files and extensions

Knox source files use the `.kx` extension. One file is one module; the module path is derived from the path under `src/` (see [Modules and imports](modules-and-imports.md)).

## Functions

Define a function with `fn`, parameters with types, and a required return type:

```kx
fn add(a: int, b: int) -> int {
  return a + b;
}

fn main() -> () {
  print("Hi");
}
```

Every statement must end with a semicolon (`;`): `let` bindings, assignments, expression statements, `return`, and function calls used as statements. Match arms do not take a semicolon after the arm expression; the whole `match` statement ends with `;` when used as a statement.

Use `()` for the unit type when the function returns no value. Mark a function as importable from other modules with `pub`:

```kx
pub fn greet(name: string) -> string {
  "Hello, " + name
}
```

## Bindings

- `let x = expr` — immutable binding.
- `let mut x = expr` — mutable binding (mutation allowed).

## Types

- **Primitives:** `int`, `u64`, `string`, `bool`, `()` (unit).
- **Nominal:** `Option<T>`, `Result<T, E>`, and user-defined structs.
- **Escape hatch:** `dynamic` (explicit; use for interop or when you need to defer typing).

There is no `null` or `undefined`; use `Option<T>` and `Result<T, E>`.

## Statements and semicolons

Knox requires a semicolon at the end of every statement. No implicit semicolons. **Struct fields** are the exception: they are separated by commas (see [Structs and accessors](structs-and-accessors.md)), not semicolons.

- **let:** `let x = expr;` — `let mut x = expr;` for mutable.
- **Expression / call:** `print(x);` — any expression used as a statement ends with `;`.
- **return:** `return expr;` or `return;` for unit.
- **match as statement:** `match x { 0 => print("zero"), _ => print("other"), };` — arms do not have `;` after the arm expression; the whole match statement ends with `;`.

## Control flow

- **if:** `if condition { block }` or `if condition { block } else { block }`.
- **match:** `match expr { pattern => expr, _ => expr }`.
- **return:** `return expr;` or `return;` for unit.

## Operators

- `?` — Propagate `Result` (early return on `Err`).
- Comparisons: `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`.

## Comments

- Line: `// ...`
- Block: `/* ... */`

## Safety

Knox is designed to be type safe and memory safe: types are checked at compile time, and the core language avoids null and implicit dynamic typing.
